Deep learning could be applied in several industries.
One of those industries is the automobile industry, and today we have self-driving cars.
Thanks to the deep learning techniques.
Yeah, this image shows exactly what a Tesla self-driving car sees.
We see how this car, which is driverless, is able to understand its environment visually and take
the right decisions.
This means that this car, for example, is able to detect traffic lights and not only detect this traffic
lights, but get their current state.
So it means if we have a traffic light on the road, it will be able to use the images coming from the
camera, which has been stored in the car to know where to pass, to stop or to get ready to move.
These are really great advancements, but it is important to note that we are pretty far from the human
level kind of intelligence still in the automobile industry and manufacturing in general.
We see how the startup learning A.I. is using deep learning to automatically detect defects in parts
which have been produced.
And so companies using this kind of products can gain in time and resources as now this kind of defect
detection could be done.
Yeah.
Again, we're seeing how this robots are automatically working in this assembly unit.
And apart from this kind of applications, A.I. could be used in coming up with very efficient energy
systems for cars.
The next domain in which we could apply deep learning is indeed a generation.
Now, when you look at this image of these different images, what may come to your mind is you have
this image.
And then this is like a caption we read a man patting a small dog and smiling for a camera.
Yeah, we have a man in a business suit sitting in front of paper work.
But what's interesting to note here is that actually these are not real images.
Those images, right?
Yeah.
Were generated just by a neural network which was fed with this input sentences.
So the input, yeah.
For example, was there are a lot of people that are on the beach.
And so this was generated in the entertainment industry.
Artificial intelligence is used for recommender systems.
If we take, for example, this video from YouTube, if I'm to watch this video or if you watch this
video on YouTube, you will notice that after a while, YouTube tends to recommend to you videos which
are related to what you've watched previously, and this is done automatically.
Based on this.
We see again another application which is the automatic generation of this subtitles.
This is actually speech recognition of speech transcription as when neural learn upload this video on
YouTube.
We don't actually upload those videos with the subtitles, but YouTube automatically generates this
by just getting the sound from the video.
And this has a very great application for people with auditory problems still in the media entertainment
industry.
We have the image captioning in which when given an input image, the machine is able to understand
an image and produce this kind of output.
So we have, for example, a group of young people playing a game of Frisbee, two dogs playing the
grass, and all the examples we see here.
A clear example of how this is using is in Google photos.
Once you take photos, what goes on in the background is that this.
Kind of made that data is been starved of that image.
And so later on, if you search for see dark images, you know, phone or the photos, this photo is
going to pop up.
And that's because an AI algorithm has initially generated this kind of output metadata on which now
could be used subsequently to search for information which is stored in this image.
We also have object detection, which is a very popular application of deep learning.
Yeah, we see clearly how this we have this input image and the algorithm is able to detect all, first
of all correctly see that there's a car, trunk person, umbrella car and all of this in this image.
And not only doing that, but look at exactly where this different objects are found in the image.
Another very useful application of deep learning is in the health care industry.
Yeah, we'll see how it could be used in detecting cancer, finding a breast tissue.
And apart from breast cancer, several other that most of this could be done using deep learning.
Still, in the healthcare industry, deep learning could be used in drug discovery and even in the building
of wearables like glasses, which help visually impaired people to better perceive the environment.
It should also be noted that in such detection systems, the A.I. could be built to help medical practitioners.
Not just by replacing them, but by actually assisting them in doing the job better and more efficiently
in the music world.
Yeah, it could be used in generation of music and even composition of music and in telecommunications.
Just like with many other domains, we have virtual assistants which help companies respond to thousands
of requests from clients without necessarily having employees to check on those requests.
In banking and finance, yeah.
It could be used in helping people do better investments by helping them their investment strategies.
You could also be very important in fraud detection by monitoring the system on noticing anomalies.
Apart from those domains, there are so many other domains in which deep learning could be applied and
even some other domains in which deep learning has not yet been applied.
And so we expect you to tap into potentials of deep learning by applying it in several different domains.
It should also be noted that before applying deep learning in a given domain, you have to do a conscious
effort to understand, firstly, how that domain works and better still work with domain experts so
that you could come up with the best possible solutions.
After finishing this course, you also have to be able to discuss with a domain expert who hasn't yet
come in touch with deep learning and be able to understand clearly how the learning could be applied
in that specific domain.
But also be careful not to overuse deep learning, as there are many problems which could be solved
with simple classical machine learning algorithms, which many times practitioners tend to use deep
learning algorithms of which the simple classical machine learning algorithms would have been best fit
and come up with even better results.
Welcome to this very interesting and ever changing domain.